Improve the EduPilot AI study abroad chatbot application and fix several logic and UI issues.

This project is a hackathon MVP for HACK2026 and should behave like a reliable AI advisor for students.

---

ISSUE 1 – PROFILE SYNCHRONIZATION

Problem:
The chatbot sometimes asks for CGPA or other profile information even though the student profile already exists and is visible on the interface.

Required Fix:

Before generating any chatbot response, always load the student profile from localStorage using the key "studentProfile".

If the profile exists, the chatbot must include the profile information in the AI prompt and must NOT ask the user for CGPA, IELTS, or other profile details again.

Instead the chatbot should acknowledge the stored profile with a message such as:

"I see your profile is already set. How can I help you with your study abroad plans?"

---

ISSUE 2 – PROFILE GATE FOR PERSONALIZED QUESTIONS

If a user asks for personalized advice such as:

• study abroad plan
• university recommendations
• eligibility check
• scholarship suggestions

the chatbot must check if the student profile exists.

If the profile does not exist:

1. show a message:
   "I can create a personalized study abroad plan for you. Please complete your profile first."

2. show a button:
   "Complete Profile"

3. clicking the button should open the profile form in a popup modal (not a new page).

---

ISSUE 3 – PROFILE STORAGE

When the profile form is submitted:

Save the following information into localStorage using the key "studentProfile":

• CGPA
• English Test Type
• English Test Score
• Budget
• Preferred Country
• Field of Study
• Preferred Intake

Example structure:

studentProfile = {
cgpa: 7.5,
englishTest: "IELTS",
englishScore: 6.5,
budget: "₹20–35L",
country: "Canada",
field: "Computer Science",
intake: "Fall"
}

Ensure the chatbot always retrieves this profile before generating responses.

---

ISSUE 4 – CONVERSATION RESET

The chatbot currently restarts the onboarding conversation even when the profile already exists.

Fix this behavior.

If a student profile exists:

• skip onboarding questions
• continue the conversation normally
• do not ask for CGPA again.

---

ISSUE 5 – PROFILE CONTEXT IN AI PROMPT

When generating responses, include the student profile in the AI prompt.

Example prompt structure:

Student Profile:
CGPA: 7.5
IELTS: 6.5
Country: Canada
Budget: ₹20–35L
Field: Computer Science
Intake: Fall

User Question:
[insert user message]

This ensures personalized recommendations.

---

ISSUE 6 – PROFILE INDICATOR

Add a visible message in the chat when the profile is successfully loaded:

"Profile Loaded ✓ Your AI advisor is now personalized."

---

ISSUE 7 – MVP BADGE

Add a floating badge to the website.

Text:

"MVP Prototype – Built for HACK2026"

Requirements:

• position: bottom-right corner
• fixed while scrolling
• modern rounded badge
• subtle gradient or glow
• must not block chat input.

---

ISSUE 8 – STABILITY IMPROVEMENTS

Ensure the chatbot always:

1. loads the student profile on page load
2. keeps conversation state
3. does not reset profile data during the session
4. uses the profile consistently for recommendations.

---

GOAL

The EduPilot AI chatbot should behave like a smart study abroad advisor that remembers the student's profile and provides personalized guidance.

The final system must be stable, context-aware, and suitable for a hackathon MVP demonstration.
